
Anjaly Joseph - Flashcard App

I decided to make a flashcard app as I already had a little experience in making one for my A-level NEA. i started with the main classes which were the card and flashcard classes. this part was helped by the OOP lectures.The card class was easy to code but the flashcard class was harder as i wanted to implement inheritance. i used lecture 9 to help me with understanding how inheritance works. After i created the Deck class which can store and manage the flashcards. i used a list to store the flashcards and i made it return the flashcards as a dictionary formal and tuples. after i had to add the regex feature so that users can search for keywords in questions and get a list of questions with those keywords in it. i found regex confusing at first. i also made a typo in my code which one of my tests had caught. after i used re.compile with the IGNORECASE flag to match patterns in question. i had a bi9t of trouble coding this so i used https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html website to help me. after i did the saving and loading flashcards using csv files. i also had to import the csv library for this. when i ran the code, the program crashed as the file didnt exist so i added a except block for FileNotFoundError. after doing the classes, i could finally begin coding the main. it was mainly user input and conditions which wasnt too dificult. after i did the testing on a new file. i think the testing is the most important as it showed me many mistakes in my code. every test checks one part of the code and used simple assert statements. one of the issues i faced during testing was that pytest collected 0 items, which happened because my test file was named incorrectly. after renmaing it fixed the issue. i also had forgot to put a colon after defining my deck which caused a syntax error. my code still has some errors which are attribute erros and i think if i had more time i would have been able to fix it. i also struggled to commit regulary as i just kept forgotting.